Good morning. Welcome to know what London Heathrow Airport, you
speaking to me see how can I help you?
Well, Good Morning? How are you doing today?
I'm good how are you?
I'm fine, thanks for asking honey. My family Hello. I'm
in ago that little dentated. I'm calling regarding to the
child policy.
I mentioned it quietly update on our website.
Sharma cannot secure that what you said you want to
know about.
That's right so I'm not come from? What is the
minimum age limit for them in French my children.
OK so we tell policy is for from a zero
to 16 years of that so, dacian and.
For Breakfast is free for 2 children under the age
of 16 stay in their parents and.
OK, 16 right, yeah, OK.
Hello.
Yes.
I know they provide expanded fertility.
Extra bed in other hotel something kids.
OK, all rooms have?
A double bed and a convertible sofa bed in it
already.
OK.
And a different difficult.
But I think so much for that information. I love
didn't send you an email for the same OK. Thank
you anything else.
That sounds fun mind OK. Thank you very much for
calling North London. Heathrow have a lovely day, YouTube.